sir leafing tyndall axton's worth and i
noted i said i wouldn't be back until
tuesday but i just wanted to get a few
news items out of the way especially now
while we're in this pre huge Monday
Night Raw where the rock will be coming
back and I just wanted to get a few
things out there first subscribe if
you're a wrestling fan you're a fan of
the NFL if you just want to hear me talk
you should be subscribing because you
never know all right i'm gonna be
putting these things out a lot more
often it looks like so please subscribe
my have a little bit of fun in terms of
contests and sort of mexico subscribers
a little bit later on well not in this
show but i mean later on and like the
life of this program so so you probably
want to hit the subscribe button I'm not
telling you what to do but it's probably
a good idea to do that I so there's a
possibility that seen it might miss raw
here's the thing he was supposed to wave
the flag at a race on Sunday because the
race was rained out they decided in fact
to hold the race on Monday now if they
hold the race on Monday that means that
Cena would be waving the flag at noon
and there's a possibility that he might
not be able to get from Florida to
Oregon he was a two thousand miles
potential possibility there he could be
screwed but we'll see what happens with
that we'll see what happens on Monday a
story came out this past weekend at WD
FN radio in Detroit spoke with Rey
Mysterio and one of the things that he
indicated is that he wanted to come back
to Wrestlemania and compete the money in
the bank match I don't know when this
interview was because the article
doesn't say that but I mean if Rey
Mysterio is able to come back in time
for Wrestlemania I just need your
opinion on this do you believe that Rey
Mysterio has earned a spot and the money
in the bank match given what it is that
he's done over the past year in the WWE
do you believe that Rey Mysterio has
earned a spot in it and the money in the
bank match I think that's a pretty fair
question and i have my opinion and
should he end up in the money in the
bank match you will hear my pain is so
that's what we got there I mean I'll be
honest with you as a character I think
that he has one of the most stale
characters in the WWE he's not
undergoing any character development at
all I mean it's at what is I guess his
character development was he used to pop
up from underneath the stage and now he
just walks out and the the pyro goes off
there's been no change in Rey Mysterio's
character throughout his entire WWE
career and it's not like you can't do
things you see how to change that Sin
Cara went through over the what month
and a half that he was there actually
came up with things for him Rey Mysterio
it's been
right and I mean it's great that he
keeps Eddie's memory alive but outside
of that like what does he really
contribute and you know he's a very easy
talented performer in the ring it's
amazing in the ring but in terms of
telling a story I have an experience
with Rey Mysterio story and some time so
we'll see I mean I'm not opposed to him
being in the money in the bank I'm sure
he could do a great job but you know
he's also held the world title a number
of times and a WWE Championship so I
don't know that he needs it as much as
so many other guys needed I it is a
possibility and chest out to Shane Helms
and Lance Storm there's a huge
possibility in fact that they're saying
that the WWE is confirmed it but it
doesn't look like an actual confirmation
it's possible that the rocket compete at
WrestleMania 29 so my question for you
are it's twofold one we know the drama
that's sort of ensuing with regard to
him main eventing WrestleMania 28 should
he come back and main event WrestleMania
29 and I just say main event because if
the rock isn't it is the main event and
secondly who would he faced I think
personally but you know I wanted to get
my personal opinion who would the rock
face at wrestlemania 29 to make it an
epic experience to make it sellable and
to make folks really believe that they
should be putting out money to see the
rock at wrestlemania 29 in new jersey
and finally as this is the point of
thought all right this is just a point
of reference this is just this doesn't
mean anything this is just me blurting
stuff out just putting information out
there The Rock debuted in 1996 his
official full time WWE career lasted
until two thousand four so that's eight
years that the rock wrestled 96 through
2004 and you've seen the growth and
you've seen the changes that his
character is undergone in that time I
want to compare them really quickly the
miz mike mizanin or whatever his name is
debuted in 2004 eight years ago you look
at the impact at the rock made in eight
years look at the impact that the Miz is
made in eight years you look at the
storylines they came up with for the
rock you look at the storylines they
came up with for the Miz you look at the
rocks and ring ability the rock didn't
go through the Indies he started out in
the WWE for the most part you know
obviously it's his father and his
grandfather so he was brought up in this
industry with regard to going through
the Indies and playing an old circuit
that never happened he was he had NFL
plans and then CFL plans The Miz this
was his dream reality star tough enough
WWE look at the to compare the two why
isn't the Miz where the rock was after
eight years after eight years why can't
we say that the miz has had a comparable
career to the rocks and you can leave it
as a comment do you believe that it's
because of the writing do you think it's
because of his talent do you believe
that it's just because it's a different
era what do you think hit me up leaving
their blessings worth and I will do
something that I never do but follow me
on Twitter sir Blackston friend me on
Facebook leasing Tim blessings work I'm
just put it up it needs a subscribe
button all right don't like what I said
hit me up on Facebook leaving timber
Ison's work or leave a voice message at
44 857 to 182